Data flow: Add section on lambda flow to `dataflow.md` (#5455)
github/codeql: docs/ql-libraries/dataflow/dataflow.md

be defined and used to match up different kinds of `ReturnNode`s with the
corresponding `OutNode`s.

#### Lambda flow

> For lambda-like calls, the library supports built-in call resolution based on data flow between a lambda creation expression and a lambda call. The interface that needs to be implemented is

Reviewer: I'd like it to say first-class function rather than lambda as that's the general case we support. Lambdas can then be mentioned as the common case.
```suggestion
For calls to first-class functions, the library supports built-in call resolution based on data flow between a function creation expression and a call. The interface that needs to be implemented is
```

Reviewer: C/C++ is possibly going to want this for function pointers.

```ql
class LambdaCallKind

/** Holds if `creation` is an expression that creates a lambda of kind `kind` for `c`. */
predicate lambdaCreation(Node creation, LambdaCallKind kind, DataFlowCallable c)

/** Holds if `call` is a lambda call of kind `kind` where `receiver` is the lambda expression. */
predicate lambdaCall(DataFlowCall call, LambdaCallKind kind, Node receiver)

> /** Extra data-flow steps needed for lamba flow analysis. */

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
/** Extra data-flow steps needed for lambda flow analysis. */
```

Author: Thanks!
